chore: support filtering the upstream cause in the isUpstreamTrigger step (#1031)
elastic/apm-pipeline-library: vars/README.md

```

## isTimerTrigger
Check if the build was triggered by a timer (scheduled job).

```
def timmerTrigger = isTimerTrigger()
```

## isUpstreamTrigger

> Check if the build was triggered by an upstream job, being it possible to add some filters.

Author: ```suggestion
Check if the build was triggered by an upstream job, being it possible to add a filter for the upstream cause.
```
